

Ms. Gass,


     Upon further examination of the video clip, it appears that it is not at all original. 


The clip offered was taken by a cellular phone on low quality settings, looking at a monitor that was playing the video


The video was taken on 07/09/2022 at 9:02pm according to its metadata, which is nearly a month after the original. 


If your client is presenting that video as original, I'm sorry, but that would be a bald faced lie. 


The first clear & convincing giveaway - outside of metadata - that it is a secondary recording, is the scene swaying around from the person holding the phone. It is not wind moving the camera in the clip, watch the timestamp timestamp bobbing in and out of frame at the top. 


I await your response on this matter.


Respectfully,

Zack. 




We sent you the only video my client has.

Her system deletes videos every 30 days. 

 

The only way she knew how to preserve the video was to record it on her cell phone.

 

You have what you asked for to the extent my client has it in her possession. 

 

 

Nancy Gass
Attorney at Law
O.W. Hollowell & Associates
4471 Tolt Avenue 
P.O. Box 1041
Carnation, WA 98014
Tel: (425) 333-4848
Fax: (425) 333-4884





Notice: This communication, including attachments, may contain information that is confidential and protected by the attorney/client or other privileges. It constitutes non-public information intended to be conveyed only to the designated recipient(s). If the reader or recipient of this communication is not the intended recipient, an employee or agent of the intended recipient who is responsible for delivering it to the intended recipient, or you believe that you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately by return e-mail and promptly delete this e-mail, including attachments without reading or saving them in any manner. The unauthorized use, dissemination, distribution, or reproduction of this e-mail, including attachments, is prohibited and may be unlawful. Receipt by anyone other than the intended recipient(s) is not a waiver of any attorney/client or other privilege.

Show quoted text

Interesting that she ONLY preserved that 93seconds, in the lowest possibly quality her phone had, and then cropped the video. I'm willing to bet the phone she used cannot record a video with 460x260 resolution, which will evidence her intentional manipulation. She should have preserved the entire timeframe. This is, at a minimum, negligent spoliation, and arguably intentional and malicious. 


She knew full well I have been requesting the entire video from the very first hearing on 7/1/22. She intentionally cut herself out, as well as my wife & kids. 


She cut out herself publicly slandering me. She cut out the nasty remarks she made to my daughter, that my daughter is STILL messed up over. She even cut out the scene where she told me to come to the door, and that I had 30s to speak to Tim! I did NOT approach her porch until SHE told me to, and I was NOT being aggressive. I was in tears that whole time! All of which I have two eyewitnesses that can competently testify to. 


It is abundantly clear that she removed all context in order to try and show me in a false light. Had the video shown what she claimed, she would have submitted that instead of proof that she illegally intercepted a private messenger conversation - which I can prove was altered on the very first page.


I knew she was going to pull something like this, I called it at the start, and I spent months researching the statutes and case law regarding spoliation.


I've read through enough of your cases to know you are competent, as well as shrewd. That, combined with the amount time you've been practicing law, I find it highly unlikely that you can't see through her BS, or at very least have a deep suspicion you are not being given the whole truth.


Have a good day Ms. Gass.

Respectfully,

Zack

Show quoted text


